So in the previous module or two modules ago if I remember correctly we were talking about rest parameters
with functions as well as the spread operator which is whenever you pass in an array to a function and
then it spreads it all out into individual arguments to be treated separately inside of a array.
There's a very similar syntax with destructuring but it does something kind of different.
So what we'll do make another array of colors because we love rainbows and Lindi red and blue and green.
And after that we'll call it good.
So what I can do now is let erase syntax and we'll do first color and then after that I'm going to do
da da da rest colors so that he will have colors as before.
Snel what this is going to do is essentially whenever we out long this you going to see that it's the
rest or the remaining items in the array and basically put them all into one variable as an array.
So you could see blue and green are just variables are just an array right here.
So it'll take the remaining items in this array and just shove it into this variable right here.
As an array.
So that's pretty useful.
And also a side note to keep in mind is that this rest item syntax right here has to be the last item
in your destructuring so you can't have a comma after this.
If you do have a comma it will be considered a syntax error.
Rest element must be the last element.
So just something to keep in mind right there.
Another interesting use of this is to actually create a copy of an array.
It's kind of a known glaring gap in the javascript language that you can't.
There's not a specific syntax specifically made for making clones of your arrays so if I wanted to do
colors too and I wanted to make a copy of this traditionally the way I did it was I would do colors
concat and then concat it with nothing and just return a copy of the array.
So we'll do E.S. 5 right here.
And the reason for that is that we know that arrays are essentially immutable meaning they can't be
changed in place.
And so what typically happens is it'll take an array and make a copy of it with the changes in modifications
we specified and then it will return that copy.
And so that's why a lot of these different array methods actually return arrays it's because they can't
be changed.
And you see it makes a copy.
Another way to do it instead with this new rest item syntax is to basically just put this in square
braces and then do dot dot dot like so and then just chop off this concat right here.
And it does the exact same thing as you can see.
So what it's doing is as before it's saying take the rest of the items and shove them into an array.
And since I didn't specify any items before to be assigned to individual variables it's going to take
all of the items and shove it into an array thus making a copy.
So this is kind of debatable as to whether or not using this syntax versus using dot concat makes the
developers intent more clear.
But it's a cool ability to be aware.